cd example
npm install bootstrap@4.4.1

ng serve -o --port 10000



There is no module-wide scope for providers, which means that the providers
defined by a feature module will be available as though they had been defined by
the root module.

import { AppModule } from './app/app.module';
main.ts => platformBrowserDynamic().bootstrapModule(AppModule).catch(err => console.error(err));
It calls root module.


--------------------------------------------------------------
For providers:
There is no module-wide scope for providers, which means that the providers
defined by a feature module will be available as though they had been defined by
the root module.



root module => src\app\app.module.ts	imports; declarations; bootstrap.
feature module => imports; declarations; exports.

imports 		This property is used to import the modules that are required by the classes in the modules.
providers		This property is used to define the module’s providers. When the feature module is loaded,
		the set of providers is combined with those in the root module, which means that the
		feature module’s services are available throughout the application (and not just within the module).
declarations	This property is used to specify the directives, components, and pipes in the module.
		This property must contain the classes that are used within the module and those that are
		exposed by the module to the rest of the application.
exports		This property is used to define the public exports from the module. It contains some or all
		of the directives, components, and pipes from the declarations property and some or all
		of the modules from the imports property.

mv src/app/*.model.ts src/app/model/
mv src/app/limit.formvalidator.ts src/app/model/


The difference between imports and declarations.
imports only for moduels.
When a custmized module is imported, you have to add it in imports.

A common mistake is to assume that services defined in a module are accessible only to the classes
within that module. There is no module scope in Angular. Providers defined by a feature module are used as
though they were defined by the root module. Local providers defined by directives and components in the
feature module are available to their view and content children even if they are defined in other modules.




Table 21-3. The @NgModule Decorator Root Module Properties
imports 		This property specifies the Angular modules that are required to support the directives, components, and pipes in the application.
declarations 	This property is used to specify the directives, components, and pipes that are used in the application.
providers 		This property defines the service providers that will be used by the module’s injector. 
				These are the providers that will be available throughout the application and used when no local provider for a service is available, as described in Chapter 20.
bootstrap 		This property specifies the root components for the application.





Creating Feature Modules:





































